Expose control API for builds, syncs, and deploys (#2450)
GoogleContainerTools/skaffold: docs/content/en/docs/references/cli/_index.md

      --skip-tests=false: Whether to skip the tests after building
      --tail=true: Stream logs from deployed objects
      --toot=false: Emit a terminal beep after the deploy is complete

>       --trigger='notify': How are changes detected? (polling, notify, or manual)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --trigger='notify': How is change detection triggered? (polling, notify, or manual)
```
